feat: add description of available parameters for volume encryption (#682)
harvester/docs: docs/image/image-security.md

>   You can create a secret in the system namespace using kubectl or the Harvester UI (**Edit as YAML** feature). Resources in the system namespace are not displayed on the Harvester UI **Secrets** screen.
> 
>   The example of secret is default yaml. From Harvester v1.4.1, we also support to accept these parameters from [cryptsetup](https://wiki.archlinux.org/title/Dm-crypt/Device_encryption#Encryption_options_for_LUKS_mode), but it eventually depends on whether your node supports them or not. 
> 
>   - CRYPTO_KEY_CIPHER: aes-xts-plain, aes-xts-plain64, aes-cbc-plain, aes-cbc-plain64, aes-cbc-essiv:sha256  
>   - PBKDF: argon2i, argon2id, pbkdf2  
>   - Hash: sha256, sha384, sha512  
>   - Key Size: 256, 384, 512  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The example contains the default YAML code for Kubernetes secrets. Aside from this, you can use [encryption options for LUKS mode](https://wiki.archlinux.org/title/Dm-crypt/Device_encryption#Encryption_options_for_LUKS_mode), which is a cryptsetup operating mode. Harvester v1.4.1 and later versions support these options, but you must verify that these are supported by your nodes.

| Option | Accepted Values |
| --- | --- |
| CRYPTO_KEY_CIPHER | aes-xts-plain, aes-xts-plain64, aes-cbc-plain, aes-cbc-plain64, aes-cbc-essiv:sha256 |
| PBKDF | argon2i, argon2id, pbkdf2 |
| Hash | sha256, sha384, sha512 |
| Key Size | 256, 384, 512 |

You can create a secret in the system namespace using kubectl or the Harvester UI (**Edit as YAML** feature). Resources in the system namespace are not displayed on the Harvester UI **Secrets** screen.
```
